Allow more customization (#62)
readthedocs/readthedocs-sphinx-search: docs/customization.rst

Customization
=============

Custom search input
-------------------

> This extension will attach some events to an ``input`` element within a ``search`` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension will attach events to an ``input`` element with a ``search`` role.
```

> If you have a custom search bar, make sure it has the ``search`` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a custom search bar, make sure it has the ``search`` role:
```
